John T. Petriello Sr. (May 19, 1932 - March 1, 2025)

John T. (Johnny) Petriello, Sr, age 92, of Scranton, passed away peacefully on Saturday, March 1, 2025.  He was born and raised in Scranton, and the son of the late James and Mollie Petriello. He graduated from Dunmore High School and attended New Mexico Western College, Lackawanna College and Penn State University.

John served 4 years in the US Air Force as a staff sergeant and is a veteran of the Korean war.

John retired from Tobyhanna Army Depot as a Staffing Specialist and Depot Program Manager for the Handicapped. He had a passion for hiring severely handicapped and gained great satisfaction providing them meaningful employment and self-reliability.

John received many citations for his achievements including recognition from General William McGrath for outstanding efforts with the handicapped program.  His efforts earned the depot national recognition for having one of the finest programs in the department of the Army.

After retiring from the government, John was the Director of Personnel for 14 wonderful years at Lackawanna college.

John was a devout catholic and supported many charitable organizations.  He served as Eucharistic Minister at St Anthony’s Church in Scranton and was a current member of Holy Rosary Church.

John was a loving husband, father, grandfather, brother and uncle. He adored his family and would do anything for them. He and wife Mary enjoyed decades of vacations on the Jersey Shore with their family and enjoyed vacationing in Coco Beach, Fla for many winters.

He was an avid hunter and loved raising his beagles. He was especially fond of going to hunting camp for the 1st week of Buck season with close friends and relatives. He anxiously awaited the camaraderie with his fellow hunters.

John was preceded in death by his son John Jr.  He is survived by spouse Mary Cognetti Petriello, his daughter in law Joanne Petriello and John and Joanne’s children Marisa (Zach) Westlake, John (Samantha) Petriello &amp; James (Emily) Petriello, daughter Sharon Meier &amp; son in law Tommy Meier and their boys Tommy (Laura), Johnny (Shannon) &amp; Mathew, son Paul &amp; daughter in law Rebecca Petriello and their children Jack &amp; Mollie. John was fortunate to have 4 great-grandchildren: William, Alex, and Olivia Westlake, and Luca Meier. 

John is also survived by his sister Ann Marie Genello, brother Jim Petriello and wife MaryEllen, and several wonderful nieces and nephews.

A Mass of Christian Burial will be celebrated Saturday at 10 am in the Church of St. Gregory 330 N. Abington Road, Clarks Green. Interment in Cathedral Cemetery will be private. Family and friends can pay their respects in the church Saturday morning from 9 a.m. until the time of mass. 

Arrangements are under the care and direction of the Solfanelli-Fiorillo Funeral Home Inc., 1030 N. Main Ave., Scranton.
